Add support for HTTP Basic Authentication and TLS for web endpoints (#375)
timescale/promscale: docs/cli.md

| web-enable-admin-api | boolean | false | Allow operations via API that are for advanced users. Currently, these operations are limited to deletion of series. |
| web-listen-address | string | `:9201` | Address to listen on for web endpoints. |
| web-telemetry-path | string | `/metrics` | Web endpoint for exposing Promscale's Prometheus metrics. |

> | tls-cert-file | string | "" | TLS Certificate file for web server, leave blank to disable TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tls-cert-file | string | "" (disabled) | TLS certificate file path for web server. To disable TLS, leave this field as blank. |
```
We should give the ending pipe to main the order of all statements.

> | tls-key-file | string | "" | TLS Key file for web server, leave blank to disable TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tls-key-file | string | "" (disabled) | TLS key file path for web server. To disable TLS, leave this field as blank. |
```

> | basic-auth-username | string | "" | HTTP Basic Authentication Username used for web endpoint authentication. Disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auth-username | string | "" | Authentication username used for web endpoint authentication. Disabled by default. |
```

Do we need to mention `basic auth` everywhere? I think it is obvious that username and password are for basic auth itself.

> | basic-auth-password | string | "" | HTTP Basic Authentication Password used for web endpoint authentication. Password or password-file option should be set together with username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auth-password | string | "" | Auth password used for web endpoint authentication. This flag should be set together with auth-username. It is mutually exclusive with auth-password-file and bearer-token methods.
```

> | basic-auth-password-file | string | "" | HTTP Basic Authentication Password file containing the actuall password used for web endpoint authentication. Password or password-file option should be set together with username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auth-password-file | string | "" | Address for auth password file containing the actual password used for web endpoint authentication. This flag should be set together with auth-username. It is mutually exclusive with auth-password and bearer-token methods. |
```

Reviewer 2: Should start "Path to auth password file."

> | bearer-token | string | "" | Bearer token (JWT) used for web endpoint authentication. Disabled by default. Cannot be used together with bearer token file setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bearer-token | string | "" (disabled) | Bearer token (JWT) used for web endpoint authentication. Disabled by default. Mutually exclusive with bearer-token-file and basic auth methods. |
```

> | bearer-token-file | string | "" | File path containing the bearer token (JWT) used for web endpoint authentication. Disabled by default. Cannot be used together with bearer token setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| bearer-token-file | string | "" (disabled) | Address of the file containing the bearer token (JWT) used for web endpoint authentication. Disabled by default. Mutually exclusive with bearer-token and basic auth methods. |
```
